Modify some sentences in "review debug logs" related to tracer flare (#26035)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs.md

## Review debug logs

> When debug mode for your tracer is enabled, tracer-specific log messages report how the tracer was initialized and whether traces were sent to the Agent. Debug logs are stored in a separate path depending on your logging configuration. Debug logs are also sent in the flare, if application-level tracer information is enabled, for  <a href="/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs/#Prerequisites">supported languages</a>. The following log examples show what might appear in your log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When debug mode for your tracer is enabled, tracer-specific log messages report how the tracer was initialized and whether traces were sent to the Agent. Debug logs are stored in a separate path depending on your logging configuration. If you enable application-level tracer information, debug logs are also sent in the flare for [supported languages](#prerequisites). The following log examples show what might appear in your log file.
```
